Update fixedapplicationurl.md (#5754)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-cms/extending/health-check/guides/fixedapplicationurl.md

    }
}
```

> {% hint style="info" %} If the site is hosted on Umbraco Cloud, changing the above configuration will have to effect. The site will always use the URL set in `umbraco-cloud.json`, which can not be changed. {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %} If the site is hosted on Umbraco Cloud, changing the above configuration will have no effect. The site will always use the URL set in  the`umbraco-cloud.json` file, which can not be changed. {% endhint %}
```
